a young man is dead after being struck
by a car along the Waianae Coast good
evening I'm Paula Akana the grand mother
of the young man killed in a violent
crash says her grandson tried to love
everyone he met police say Justin
Willingham died about 8:15 last night
when a car veered off Farrington Highway
near Makaha and struck him as he walked
along the road as kitv4 Shannon Wright
reports witnesses who never met the
victim are reeling over his death the
images of last night's collision are
seared in Alvin Pont has his memory he
was home when he heard sounds of
crunching metal and breaking glass I
seen it and I can't sleep and that's all
I keep thinking about it Coleco kiawe
says what he saw while sitting on a bus
stop is something no one should ever
witness he says the scene replays over
and over in his mind I just looked up
the road seeing a car speeding and then
looked the other way I seen a guy
walking he was just minding his own
business kiawe says the driver must have
hit speeds of more than 80 miles per
hour as he swerved past on Farrington
Highway walking along the shoulder was
Justin Willingham just as he would most
every day
police say the 20 year old driver drunk
and speeding drove his 1998 Infiniti
directly into Willingham the impact sent
Willingham into the car's windshield
residents say blind curves make this a
dangerous road add speed and last
night's tragic death is this senseless
result when cars are going fast thick
there's not enough time to slow down all
the friend brother
you grandson to somebody in this island
Willingham's grandmother says her 22
year old grandson loved the peacefulness
of living near the beach he was very in
his loving heart he tried to love
everybody when cars are going fast like
there's not enough time to slow it down
it could have been my kids my kids walk
to school every day they walk to and
from that's what the cross is there for
I just let people know that hey slow
down Shane and Rey kitv4 news
the suspect is 20 year-old Valentine
Keola Mahua key of my ely he was
arrested on suspicion of negligent
homicide driving under the influence of
an intoxicant leaving the scene and
driving without a license